There are lots of ways to help, here are a few: jump in on one of our
current projects to improve the space for everyone, teach a class, help
out with "behind the scenes" administration, donate money or supplies.

**If every member volunteered just 4-6 hours per month, our space would
be even more awesome than it is now\!**

## Current Projects

Routine Laser Cutter maintenance (contact [Bryan
Lee](https://tampahackerspace.slack.com/team/leebc), [\#laser\_engraver
slack channel](https://tampahackerspace.slack.com/messages/C0GQ3BNTG))

  - Ongoing procedure development

Shop Bot CNC setup in new space (contact
[Stills](https://tampahackerspace.slack.com/team/william.stillwell)
[\#cnc slack
channel](https://tampahackerspace.slack.com/messages/C4CQ967HB))

  - Install & level bed
  - Set up computer

Wood Shop setup in 4935 (contact [Josh
Mann](https://tampahackerspace.slack.com/team/jc_mann) or [Ben
Um](https://tampahackerspace.slack.com/team/benum), [\#wood\_shop slack
channel](https://tampahackerspace.slack.com/messages/C0GNLP2DS))

  - Set up dust collection system

Clear out donation / storage area (contact [Adrian
Martinez](https://tampahackerspace.slack.com/messages/@adrianm1972),
[\#members slack
channel](https://tampahackerspace.slack.com/messages/G0GNSLXU0)),

  - Set up date tagging system & display area for items members are free
    to take
  - Dispose of unusable items and excess "hackable bits"
  - Organize items to be kept

## Other Ways to Help

\- Pitch in on routine upkeep tasks: *clean up after yourself*, clear
off tables, throw away trash, refill TP / paper towels, put tools away,
clean bathrooms, restock fridge beverages, sweep floors, take garbage
out to dumpster, ...

\- Volunteer at an [upcoming
event](https://www.meetup.com/Tampa-Hackerspace/), especially [Kids'
Open Make](:Category:Kids "wikilink") days (contact [Tracey
Birch](https://tampahackerspace.slack.com/team/tabinfl), [\#kids slack
channel](https://tampahackerspace.slack.com/messages/C4T1YA1U1))

\- Teach a class (contact [Bill
Shaw](https://tampahackerspace.slack.com/team/bill.shaw))

\- Volunteer for our Making The Future program (contact [Bill
Shaw](https://tampahackerspace.slack.com/team/bill.shaw))

\- Help fundraise. Ever wrote a grant application before? (contact
[Tracey Birch](https://tampahackerspace.slack.com/team/tabinfl))

\- Update this wiki with information useful to our members - see the
[Style Guides](Style_Guides "wikilink") for example pages - copy & paste
from the edit box to save yourself some typing\! (contact [Alex
Wingeier](https://tampahackerspace.slack.com/team/mkchronos) for a wiki
account)

## Donations needed

Cash is nice but we're happy to get donations of materials, especially
for our Kids' Open Make projects, such as:

  - White glue

<!-- end list -->

  - Wooden craft ("popsicle") sticks

<!-- end list -->

  - Arts & Crafts kits (if pieces are missing, PLEASE let us know\!)

<!-- end list -->

  - Polymer clay

<!-- end list -->

  - Yarn and embroidery floss

<!-- end list -->

  - Felt and fabric remnants

<!-- end list -->

  - Card stock, drawing/watercolor paper, scrapbooking paper

<!-- end list -->

  - Rubber bands, paper clips, binder clips, paper fasteners

<!-- end list -->

  - Batteries (9-volt, AA, and coin cell / 2032)

<!-- end list -->

  - Electronic components: LEDs, resistors, switches & buttons, wire

<!-- end list -->

  - Paint smocks / shirts (or other cover-ups, for messy projects)

<!-- end list -->

  - Hot glue guns and sticks

<!-- end list -->

  - Any other [consumables](consumables.md "wikilink").
