[Slack](https://slack.com/) has become our main tool for communication
among members and our larger community.

[Tampa Hackerspace Slack](http://tampahackerspace.slack.com)

If you do not have access, contact us for an invite.

## Basics

Start with Slack's own [Getting
Started](https://tampahackerspace.slack.com/getting-started) guide.

If your user name is obscure, *please* consider changing it to either
your name or your more well-known username. It makes it much easier to
know who is who. The user name is only for our specific Slack and won't
be seen outside of our Slack. You can change it at any time. While
you're doing that, consider adding a bit of information to your profile
such as interests, projects, and maybe a profile photo or avatar.

Slack has multiple channels for conversations. Some are private.

Everyone should belong to \#general after joining. Just be aware that
this channel has non-members as well as members in it.

There is a \#members channel for discussions that are only relevant to
members.

There are channels for different areas and subjects of the makerspace
such as the metal shop, wood shop, 3d printers, etc. There are also
channels for some group projects and for different shows and events
we're attending.

## Stars and Todo Items

You can *star* any message on Slack and it will be available on your
Starred Item List (top right). This makes it easy to mark messages for
later follow-up or reference.

## Notifications

Slack has many notification settings. There is a global setting for all
channels for both desktop / web and for mobile apps. Then each channel
has it's own notification settings. You can also set quiet hours and
temporarily snooze all notifications.

## Slackbot

Slackbot comes with every Slack and has some neat features.

One neat feature is reminders. You can type /remind me Pick up sodas
tomorrow 3pm and Slackbot will remind you. Or you can /remind channel
Tonight is Open Make 1pm to remind a whole channel.

## Spacebot

Spacebot is our own home-grown collection of code to provide some
information.

Spacebot posts upcoming Meetup events at 9am and 3pm every day.

Spacebot also answers the question "is anyone at the space" if asked via
direct message or in the \#members channel. It collects a number of
pieces of information and gives it's best guess whether there are people
at the space at the moment.
